[00:00] Now, when it comes to downloading a model, this is again kind of confusing because unfortunately there's not just a big flashing download button showing up on the screen for you. So let's go back to where we are on the base model. Because most of the time, you're going to start with a base model. You're like, I really want to download a Quen 3.6 model. So from here, like I said, this use this model button. There's no option in here for LM Studio, but that browse quantization button is right there. It's the same thing if I clicked quantizations down here. Both these buttons lead you to the exact same page. It just leads you to a list of all those quantized models. Now once you filter, you're like, okay, I want an LM Studio model, maybe I want MLX or whatever. Once you filter that down, let's say that I'm going to choose this model right here. I can click on this, and now is where I get the list of all those quantizations on the side. There's two ways to download a model from this page. One, you can just click on a quantization. You click on this quantization, it's going to pop up a pop-up. Click on use this model, find LM Studio or whatever system you're using. And when you click that, it'll ask you to open an LM Studio and it'll give you the download link for that exact quantization you selected. You can see right here it's saying download this model, and it's telling me this is too large because obviously this system doesn't even have a dedicated graphics card inside of it. Now the other way you can download models, which is equally as easy, is you can click all the way at the top here where it says use this model, scroll down for LM Studio, and again, that'll open your link in LM Studio and it'll try to choose the smallest model or the largest model that it thinks can fit on your system. So you can see in our case, it chose this two-bit version quantization. So it'll try to choose what can fit on your system best. So if you're not really sure what you want to put on your system, using that top option of use this model will kind of guide you towards the possible correct option. But once you start to learn more, you may probably know better than the recommendation from LM Studio, and then you can choose the exact quantization you want here. And either way, it doesn't matter how you get to LM Studio, you can always select any of the options from the list. This list right here is the same list we just saw in Hugging Face. It's just in LM Studio, and we can choose whichever one we want from this list. So for our case, I actually have a base model for you to start from.
